É Spam -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards  small - cap stock finder  new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock  from $ 0 . 70 to over $ 4 . 0 o  westernsierramining . com  western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out !  big business is afoot for wsrm !  read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week .  * western sierra mining has a very profitabie business mode | in which  they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : exploration .  essentially , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previousiy  expiored and found to be "" too small "" for the | argest mining companies ,  yet sti | | produce handsome profits .  * the gioba | mining industry boom wi | | continue for the foreseeabie  future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and  | ong suppiy - response lead times .  * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off  this week !  here is recent news on the company :  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp .  ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors  has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward split of its issued and  outstanding common s - tock to al | sharehoiders of record as of june 26 ,  2005 .  the company stated that the reason for the spiit was to a | | ow  additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of  western .  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 10 , 20 o 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink  sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news )  announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter  into an agreement to develop the silver plume and pittsburg mines  | ocated in coiorado .  commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra  mining , michael chaffee , said , "" the new aiignment with oretech wil |  aliow each of the companies to utilize their specific expertise to the  maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its  propriety extraction technoiogy and western is expanding its mining  activities in the u . s . we have started our due diligence on the property  and | ook forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the  month .  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink  sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent  with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to deveiop the asdi property  located in crescent vailey at battle mountain , nev .  we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock spiit  can oniy mean one thing ; good business ! with the spiit date set at june  26 , now is obviousiy the time to get in . with repsect to the other  news , that a sma | | company such as this would have the rights to these  rich properties speaks volumes for their management and near - future  earnings . that they wouid be so fortunate as to be invoived with an industry  pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary .  these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation  symbol : ( wsrm )  current price : o . 70  short term target price : 4 . 6 o  12 month target price : 8 . 9 o  * * * news from the industry * * *  * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 500 and the dow jones  industrial average over the last three years .  * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a  row . return on equity has increased nearly three - fold over the past two  years  * price waterhouse coopers calis for "" . . . another bumper year for the  global mining industry in 2 oo 5 . "" they go on to say , "" the sustained  upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash  for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows  and we have a very buoyant industry . ""  for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse  coopers , located at pwcglobal . com  disclaimer :  information within this emai | contains "" forward looking statements ""  within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and  section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,  expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais ,  assumptions or future  events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be  "" forward | ooking statements . "" forward looking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are  made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause  actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently  anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be  identified  through the use of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" ,  "" wiil , "" "" anticipates , "" "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" "" understands "" or  that by  statements indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" couid , "" or "" might "" occur .  as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating  history ,  the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an  unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority  s - tockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw  materials :  reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and  numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital .  these  factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec  fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket  stock  report does not represent that the information contained in this  message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact  necessary  to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information  provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities  must be  understood as information provided and not investment advice . the  rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice  from  a registered professional securities representative before deciding to  trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within  this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or  solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .  you  can | ose al | your mone * y by investing in this stock . the publisher of  the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .  subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax ,  accounting or  investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies  are  specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance  of  these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits  in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .  remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future  results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a  company ' s fiiings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in  compiiance  with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report  discloses the receipt of twelve thousand doilars from a third party  ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for  the  circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k  they  wi | | seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict  of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this  is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . ail factua | information  in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not  | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases .  the  rocket sto * ck report believes this information to be reiiable but can  make  no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia |  within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms ."

"Subject: enjoy media ( ejym ) enters chinese tv advertising market  enjoy media ( ejym ) , a chinese media company , on fast growth track by signing up chinese advertising clients  enjoy media anticipates strong growth in 2005  jun 7 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am  copyright business wire 2005  hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 7 , 2005 - -  enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) ( www . enjoymedia . com ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , discusses about the company ' s objectives and planned prospects for the coming months .  the key initiatives for the company are :  expand the existing network of restaurants and cafes  increase the advertising sales revenue of the current printed media  acquire additional wait media businesses  enjoy media is a pioneer in the field of printed advertising media placed in restaurants in china . it supplies paper products , such as paper placemats , napkins and other displays , displaying advertisements , free of charge , to restaurants and cafes . enjoy media ' s growing list of restaurants and cafes is now over 1 , 200 in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen .  the printed media , termed wait media , showcases advertisements to customers while waiting for their food order and during their dining time . the restaurants and cafes in the enjoy media network , such as trendy cafes , western food restaurants and fast - food franchises , typically operate in multiple locations in high traffic areas , and attract young urban and white - collar customers . enjoy media keeps advertisers informed of customer profiles , and helps them to design and produce suitable advertisements .  mr . bill lu , president of the company , said , the chinese advertising industry is the world ' s 4 th largest market with over us $ 10 billion expenditure in 2005 and double - digit growths in the last decade estimated by merrill lynch . coupled with china ' s booming restaurant sales , which bloomberg reports to be estimated at us $ 106 billion with 18 % growth in 2005 , it is reasonable to expect enjoy media will benefit directly from china ' s phenomenal growth in advertising and dining spending . we are eager to extend our success to other cities in china leveraging our current first mover advantages . we also plan to expand our sales team to increase our advertiser base . these steps will likely bring a significant boost to enjoy media ' s revenue in 2005 and time ahead . we are at the same time looking for other ' wait media ' opportunities to complement our business .  about enjoy media holdings limited  enjoy media holdings limited ( enjoy media ) is an innovative media and advertising company based in guangzhou , china . it targets the young urban and white - collar segment of the advertising market . enjoy media supplies paper placemat , napkins and other displays that display advertisements , free of charges , to a network of over 1 , 200 cafes and restaurants in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen in china . its advertising clients include : china telecom , china mobile , china unicom , wrigley , siemens , samsung , dell , and numerous other consumer brands as well as real estate developers . enjoy media expects to grow its network of restaurants and cafes to more than 4 , 000 in the next 3 years .  for more information about enjoy media , please visit http : / / www . enjoymedia . com .  source : enjoy media holdings limited  enjoy media signed long term advertising client  jun 15 , 2005 7 : 00 : 00 am  copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - -  enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed a ten - year advertising contract with showgood creation limited ( www . showgood . com ) . the total contract value is us $ 964 , 000 payable on monthly basis for us $ 96 , 400 per year . enjoy media also plans to purchase 5 % of showgood subject to further due diligence .  showgood is a creative media and entertainment production house , based in guangzhou , china . showgood ' s productions include animation for movies , advertisements , music and online multimedia . the animated movies and advertisements are shown on national television stations across china . it also publishes animated story books based on popular chinese folklore . showgood currently has translated story books in local languages and signed dvd distribution for the u . s . and thailand markets . its clients include coca - cola , motorola and yahoo ! china .  market conditions are becoming favorable for showgood as chinese audiences are increasingly interested in seeing locally made animations . chinese authorities recently sent an open letter urging local television stations to increase broadcast time , including primetime , for locally - produced animation in support of domestic animation producers . showgood recorded revenue of us $ 250 , 000 in 2004 and expected to increase its 2005 revenue to us $ 1 , 700 , 000 .  enjoy media signs up china travel service  jun 21 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am  copyright business wire 2005  hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 21 , 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed an advertising contract with china travel service ( guangdong ) limited ( www . gdcts . com ) ( cts ) . mr . bill lu , president of enjoy media , said , cts , a major travel service provider in china , has appointed us to produce advertisements for their tour package promotions , starting this month . the chinese travel industry , a us $ 36 billion market in 2004 , is set to grow significantly as the chinese government relaxed the international travel policy for its citizens at the start of 2005 to include more countries in southeast asia and europe . cts is planning more promotions to coincide with the new demands from chinese travelers . enjoy media can provide a highly - targeted audience for cts with our growing network .  cts is the leading travel service operator in southern china with 100 retail outlets and over 400 affiliated agencies . since its inception in 1990 , cts has grown tremendously providing reservations for hotel , airline , transportation and events , and has become one of the best - known travel brands in china . for four consecutive years , cts is one of the top six china ' s best international travel agencies and ranked first in guangdong province . in 2004 , cts served over one million customers , recorded revenue of us $ 96 million .  for more information about enjoy media visit www . enjoymedia . com  forward - looking statements :  certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . the statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended .  forward - looking statements deal with the company ' s current plans , intentions , beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance . statements containing terms like believes , does not believe , plans , expects , intends , estimates , anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements . contact :  enjoy media holdings limited  mr . zhongwen chen , ( 86 ) 20 - 87521812  ir @ enjoymedia . com  safe harbor statement  this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in ejym ' s financial or operating condition . as elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . ejym will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words "" may , "" "" would , "" "" will , "" "" expect , "" "" estimate , "" "" anticipate , "" "" believe , "" "" intend , "" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .  elite equity marketing 321 york rd . 2 nd floor towson , md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1

"Subject: future goals  urgent noticepending merger to increase revenue 236 % now is the time to invest in gwihgwih is rapidly expanding through acquisitions . in the lst quarter two mergers are in proces with a schedule to buy four more profitable companies by the year end . gwih plans to file for nasdaq . stock prices historically increase when listed on nasdaq .  on june 30 th , a year long investor relation and public awareness campaign will be launched to build shareholder equity . several well - known stock pick newsletters , tv , radio and newsgroups will provide coverage on gwih and it ' s acquisitions . all - star management team with advanced degrees , specialized training , proven track records and over 90 years combined experience . they are true deal makers , executors and closers . put gwih on your watch list , aquire a postion in gwih today ! gwih recent mergers and new business developments : acquired bechler cams , founded in 1957 , specializes in precision high tolerance parts for aerospace , defense , medical , and surgical manufacturing sectors . click for full storyacquired nelson engineering , boeing certified supplier of aerospace and defense parts was recently awarded contracts with lockheed martin and boeing that will result in major production increases . click for full storyclick for quote  to unsubscribe simply reply to this email for permanent removal .  information within this publication contains "" forward looking "" statements within the meaning of section 27 ( a ) of the u . s . securities act of 1933 and section 21 ( e ) of the u . s . securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical facts and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could or might occur . special situation alerts ( ssa ) is an independent publication . ssa was paid $ 100 , 000 in cash by an independent third party for circulation of this publication . ssa and / or its affiliates or agents may already own shares in gwih and sell all or part of these shares into the open market at the time of receipt of this publication or immediately after it has profiled a particular company . ssa is not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer be advised that the investments in companies profiled are considered to be high risk and use of the information provided is at the investor ' s sole risk and may result in the loss of some or all of the investment . all information is provided by the companies profiled and ssa makes no representations , warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies . investors should not rely on the information presented . rather , investors should use this information as a starting point for doing additional independent research to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding investing in profiled companies . factual statements as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice .  * * * * * * * * * *",1

"Subject: news : company positioned to grow  pop 3 media corp ( popt )  a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major  media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , film , pubiishing  and technoiogy companies .  current price : o . o 25  wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you  like momentum .  breaking news ! !  pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the  companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wi | |  acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholiy owned subsidiary , viastar  distribution group , inc . "" vdg , "" forming a revolutionary new music company ,  controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of  stock and cash , when compieted , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a  33 % stake in the new company .  roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los  angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment  corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and  execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider  approva | immediateiy thereafter .  pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , "" this ailiance will a | | ow pop 3 to  achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music  industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they  create whiie embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers  access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . ""  roxxy ' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives  drawn from the major labels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house  producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry  today .  "" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major  labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that  cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion  seliing recordings , but who consistently reiease aibums which se | |  hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base ; artists  that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miliion per title , ""  stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .  "" additionally , the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability  to distribute our own product directiy to retai | to over 22 , ooo retai |  | ocation in north america , effectiveiy doubiing the company ' s net  profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our  artists . ""  mr . shebanow conciuded , "" whiie there are smalier labeis that do provide  a home for these acts , they | ack either the wi | | or financia | resources  to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have  on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great  producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the  customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . ""  about pop 3 media corp :  pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution  of entertainment - related media for fiim , teievision , music and  pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently includes ownership of  viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures  internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and  viastar ciassical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk  corporation .  conciusion :  the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known  companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are  aiready famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for  you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch  this one trade monday ! go popt .  penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable  for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way  affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars  to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and  advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .  if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been  wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in  the sub ject to daily _ 4 tip @ yahoo . com",1

"Subject: upside pressure signals institutional interest  newsletter - june issue 2 oo 5  in june ' s issue we are going to profile a stoc . k that is very much  undervalued and is involved in the red hot homeland security sector .  ground floor opportunity for everybody .  this small treasure is : vnbl . ob ( vinoble , inc . )  the stoc . k is trading at only o . 09 - o . 1 o cents and we expect it could  hit  $ 0 . 3 o - $ 0 . 35 by mid july .  huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to  $ 0 . 25  range  stoc . k symbol : ( vnbl . ob )  current price : $ 0 . o 9  we expect the price to go to $ o . 22 in next 2 - 3 days  we expect the price to go to $ o . 3 o in next 2 weeks .  about the company :  vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and  acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland  security , security information systems , and other security services to  provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the  opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is  unprecedented .  the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have  changed  the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and  logical  security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in  the  banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble  is  on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide .  according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research ,  worldwide demand for information security products and services is set  to  eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 .  vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security  market  by delivering professional services , security products , security  training ,  and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble  has  assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a  full  range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and  integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect  key  assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation .  big news expected from this company in the next few days . this kind of  news  could really move this stock .  stoc . k symbol : vnbl . ob  current price : $ 0 . 09  we expect the price to go to $ o . 2 o in next 2 - 3 days  we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 25 in next 2 weeks .  information within this email contains "" forward looking statements ""  within  the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section  21 b of  the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or  involve  discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,  expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or  future  events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be  "" forward looking statements . ""  forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and  projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number  of  risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to  differ  materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the  use  of words such as : "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" estimates , ""  "" believes , ""  "" understands "" "" will , "" "" part of : "" anticipates , "" or that by statements  indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . all  information  provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc . ks , securities  must  be understood as information provided and not investment advice .  emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek  advice  from a registered professional securities representative before  deciding to  trade in stoc . ks featured within this email . none of the material  within  this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please  have  in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about  the  news published by the company does not represent the company official  statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news  release meant to say .  look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the  details  in it .",1

"Subject: urgent response  dear sir / madam ,  you may be surprised to receive this letter from me , since you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs maria da costa the wife of dr . john da costa , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe , i got your contact through network on line in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction which involves a transfer of a fund to a foreign account and i decided to write you . my late husband was among the zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority . before his death he deposited the sum of us $ 15 . 2 million ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) to south africa with a security company as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe .  the money was deposited in a din box as valuables to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this money was embarked from the purchase of new machinery and chemical for farms and establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . the land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the "" modus operandi "" adopted by the government .  this resulted to rampant killing and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely ; more than fifty - one ( 51 ) people have so far been killed . heads of governments from the west , especially britain and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plan , subsequently , south african development community ( s . a . d . c . ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s new land act , it is against this background that i and my  family who are currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my husband ' s money into a foreign account . as a family , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account , where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who is tactically freezing of our family wealth .  and south africa ' s government seems to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in south africa for fear of encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same political history . more so , the south african foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment hence we are seeking for an "" asylum "" . as a business person whom i would entrust my future and that of my family into his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and that the nature of your business does not necessarily matter .  for your assistance , i will offering you 15 % of the total sum , 80 % for my family while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses we may incur during the course of this transaction . i wish to  invest our part of the money on commercial property based on your advice .  finally , all i demand from you is assurance that you will not do away with this money when it finally gets to your personal or company ' s account in your country .  if this proposal is acceptable by you , please confirm your interest by contacting us on this phone number + 27724263169 or e - mail address mariadacosta _ 2002 @ yahoo . com  best regards ,  mrs maria da costa ( for the family )"


É Ham ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference  john ,  the books have arrived and i shall fedex them tonight to your university  address ( shown at the bottom of your messages ) .  still fishing for the paper on network economy .  vince  p . s . shirley , the address is at the bottom .  "" john d . martin "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 27 : 35 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : 2001 fma european conference  that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys .  see ya !  john  at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of  > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on  > the last 8 years he spent at enron .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : 2001 fma european conference  >  >  > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files .  >  > john  >  > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500  > > from : karen wright  > > subject : 2001 fma european conference  > > to : kwright @ fma . org  > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i )  > > x - accept - language : en , pdf  > >  > > 2001 fma european conference  > >  > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management  > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at  > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european  > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in  > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting  > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management ,  > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics .  > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in  > > addition to research paper presentations .  > >  > > paper submissions  > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper  > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these  > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem ,  > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research  > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the  > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to  > > present new and unpublished research .  > >  > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european  > > conference .  > >  > > submissions . please follow these steps :  > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at  > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the  > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code  > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal .  > >  > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed  > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association ,  > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa  > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) .  > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma  > > european conference review process .  > >  > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 .  > >  > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within  > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of  > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 .  > >  > > competitive paper awards  > > the financial management association international is pleased to  > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction  > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the "" young scholars "" award will  > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or  > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional  > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed "" best of the best ""  > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper  > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in  > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a  > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final .  > >  > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper  > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is  > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to  > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are  > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned  > > fma program session .  > >  > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for  > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are  > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at  > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a  > > session or discuss a paper .  > >  > > program co - chairs  > >  > > francois degeorge  > > hec paris  > > 1 rue de la lib , ration  > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex  > > france  > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph )  > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax )  > > degeorge @ hec . fr  > >  > > kent womack  > > dartmouth college  > > amos tuck school  > > hanover , nh 03755  > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph )  > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax )  > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu  > >  > > additional opportunities for participation  > >  > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the  > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a  > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded  > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office  > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march ,  > > 2001 .  > >  > > deadline summary  > >  > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000  > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000  > >  > >  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0

"Subject: hello guys ,  i ' m "" bugging you "" for your completed questionnaire and for a one - page  bio / statement on your thoughts on "" business edu and the new economy "" . if  my records are incorrect please re - ship your responses to me . i want to  put everything together next week so that i can ship it back to everyone .  the questionnaire is attached as well as copies of the bio pages for  michael froehls and myself ( two somewhat different approaches ) . the idea  of the latter is just to introduce yourself to the other panelists and give  them some background on how you are approaching the issues we will discuss .  we will also provide copies to the attendees and use this material for our  personal introductions at the opening of the panel discussions .  thanks and i look forward to seeing you in two weeks .  john  - waco _ background _ mf . doc  - jmartinbiosketch . doc  - questionnaire . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html"

"Subject: re : hello  molly ,  kim watson would like us to bring jacob for another interview .  we can do it later this week .  vince  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001  02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hello  hi vince ,  if you are still interested in bringing back this gentleman back for another  interview , i would very much like to meet with him . sean talked with him  when you brought him in a few weeks ago and he thought it would be a good  idea for me to meet with him so we can compare thoughts .  thanks , kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm  to : watson , kimberly  cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : hello  kim ,  this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros .  it seems that the system they develop for williams  is more a scheduling system .  would you like to ask him to come back for another interview ,  to get more information out of him ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001  01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" jacob y . kang "" on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : hello  dear vince :  it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did  not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in  enron .  as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i  have been working two years as lead scientist and  science manager in energy division at pros revenue  management inc . in houston .  i developed and implemented the mathematical models  for trading optimization system and firm  transportation optimization system .  the trading optimization system becomes the most  popular product in the industry this year . duke energy  just signed the contract to buy this product  yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the  contracts for it . according to pros sales department ,  the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15  companies in one or two years .  enron is the ideal place for me to continue my  research and system developing efforts to combine  revenue management with risk management . i am  confident that i can make significant contributions to  enron in this area .  i would like to thank you again for giving me this  opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am  looking forward to having the opportunity to work in  enron .  sincerely yours  jacob  - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > jacob ,  >  > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance  > my pen ? if not , i apologize .  >  > vince  >  do you yahoo ! ?  get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /",0

"Subject: a colossal and dangerous failure - cera alert  title : a colossal and dangerous failure  url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35 & m = 2185  overview : western energy  * california governor stays the course  california governor gray davis provided his strongest public statements to  date regarding the state  , s power crisis in his annual state of the state  address on january 8 , 2001 . echoing many of his previous positions on what he  perceives as a flawed and unfair california market structure , the governor  labeled the state  , s electricity market system a colossal and dangerous  failure . among other actions , he launched new initiatives valued at $ 1  billion to encourage conservation , provide financing and land to new  generators , grant authority to utilities to engage in a portfolio of  transactions to manage electricity costs , and increase regulatory scrutiny of  existing market suppliers . the governor also called for a greater role for  the state in overseeing and constructing new power plants .  the governor acknowledged that the actions proposed are only some of the  steps necessary to put california on the road to recovery . details regarding  sources of funding for the initiative are still forthcoming . although he  stated that california  , s investor - owned utilities must not be allowed to go  bankrupt , no formal plan for ensuring their solvency was given . the financial  community continues to lack the assurance it requires to continue to provide  financial backing for pacific gas and electric and southern california  edison . at this time the state legislature remains the body most likely to  guarantee their solvency .  the governor again criticized the federal energy regulatory commission for  what he believes has been its failure to manage and restrain properly the  wholesale market . merchant plant generators were accused of gouging the  state , and it was suggested that these generators acted illegally in their  operations , jeopardizing the reliability of the power grid . new , more severe  sanctions were promised for those caught withholding power or extracting what  investigators find as unreasonable profits .  a los angeles times poll released the morning before the governor  , s address  indicated that the majority of californians still do not believe there is an  energy crisis . although the 33 percent growth in the state  , s economy over the  past ten years has nearly outstripped the state  , s and surrounding region  , s  supplies of power , the bulk of the governor  , s statements continue to focus on  the culpability of power producers , rather than the serious supply shortfall .  though the governor introduced steps to fund and facilitate the construction  of new generating plants , increased regulatory scrutiny and the threat of  sanctions will exacerbate the concern already expressed by plant developers  and the financial community that the investment climate in california is  excessively risky .  * * end * *  follow above url for complete report .  come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , "" shooting the rapids :  strategies and risks for the energy future "" in houston , february 12 - 16 ,  2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek /  e - mail category : alert  cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy ,  to make changes to your cera . com account go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0

"Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - april 27 th newsclips  fyi news articles from indian press .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  04 / 27 / 2001 08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nikita varma  04 / 27 / 2001 07 : 51 am  to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development )  subject : from the enron india newsdesk - april 27 th newsclips  friday apr 27 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / cmo 3 . htm  dpc board empowers md to cancel mseb contract  friday apr 27 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 27 compl 1 . htm  mseb pays rs 134 cr under ' protest ' to dpc  friday , april 27 , 001 ,  enron india md authorised to terminate ppa  friday , april 27 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010427 / topl . html  foreign lenders slam brakes on disbursements to dpc , sanjay jog & raghu mohan  global banks comfortable with enron pull - out  friday , april 27 , 2001 , http : / / www . indian - express . com / ie 20010427 / nat 23 . html  enron : dabhol chief gets powers to end deal with the mseb  friday , april 27 , 2001 , http : / / www . the - hindu . com / stories / 0227000 d . htm  offer of renegotiation ' too late ' : enron , by mahesh vijapurkar  friday , 27 april 2001 , http : / / www . timesofindia . com / today / 27 home 2 . htm  enron ready to pull out , but lenders say wait  friday , april 27 , 2001 , http : / / www . hindubusinessline . com / stories / 142756 dh . htm  dpc board authorises md to issue ppa termination notice  friday , april 27 , 2001 ,  enron testing maharashtra ' s nerves , t n raghunatha  friday , april 27 , 2001 , http : / / www . telegraphindia . com /  enron signal to switch off dabhol power  friday , april 27 , 2001 ,  enron threatens to pull out  friday , april 27 , 2001 ,  ' dpc may not wind up '  friday , april 27 , 2001 ,  enron offers ' no comment ' on renegotiation , h s rao  http : / / www . afternoondc . com /  ' enron ' s on ! '  state govt . to renegotiate dabhol power project , by hubert vaz  the economic times , friday apr 27 2001  dpc board empowers md to cancel mseb contract  the enron power project crisis on thursday deepened with the board of dabhol  power company authorising the management to issue a termination notice to the  maharashtra state electricity board even while international lenders to the  project asked enron to renegotiate power purchase agreement signed with the  mseb .  the decision to authorise managing director neil mcgregor to issue "" notice of  termination on the contract to sell 740 mw of power "" was taken after the  board prevented mseb from voting on the ground that it was an interested  party . the decision was taken with six votes in favour and the single  opposition vote was cast by idbi , sources said .  according to reports , financial institutions such as anz investment bank ,  credit suisse first boston , citibank , abn - amro and the state bank of india  have on wednesday advised enron against terminating its ppa with mseb . mseb  chairman vinay bansal , who with two other directors attended the meeting on  wednesday representing maharashtra  , s 15 per cent stake in the near $ 3 - billion  project , said : "" the indian side told them that it would be unfortunate if  enron broke the contract . "" while bansal declined comment on the board  decision , the sources said the indian side had expressed its interest to  holds talks on the issue rather than terminating the project and there were  possibilities of a fresh power purchase agreement between the company and the  state . ( pti )  the economic times , friday apr 27 2001  mseb pays rs 134 cr under ' protest ' to dpc  despite the threat of a possible termination notice hanging on its head ,  maharashtra state electricity board on thursday made a "" protest payment "" of  rs 134 crore disputed amount , towards march bill of rs 146 . 64 crore to  dabhol . "" we were ready with the payment on wednesday itself , but dpc  officials could not collect the cheque due to the statewide bandh "" , a senior  mseb official said . "" we have disputed payment of rs 12 . 64 crore and it would  be now taken up at the disputes resolution forum , of which enron india  managing director k wade cline and krishna rao are members "" , mseb sources  said .  last week , dpc had dashed off a communication to the government and mseb that  it would not accept "" protest payments "" anymore . cline had said the energy  major shall treat such payments as an election to pay the sums , which mseb in  fact owed dpc in full and that the company would also not recognise the  "" purported protest or reservation "" . mseb had paid a rs 113 . 5 crore february  bill in protest last month . on april 23 last , both domestic and international  lenders of dpc had met in london and held exhaustive discussions the  multinational ' s move to issue a termination notice to mseb and state  government . ( pti )  business standard , friday , april 27 , 001  enron india md authorised to terminate ppa  the board of the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) , at its meeting in  london on wednesday , authorised the managing director of enron india to issue  a notice for terminating the power purchase agreement to the maharashtra  state electricity board and the state government .  & the board has authorised  wade cline to serve the termination notice . however , this does not mean that  the termination notice will be served immediately . it is only an enabling  provision and will be used only if the situation arises ,  8 a state government  source told business standard from london . he said dpc was under pressure  from its lenders .  the dpc spokesperson here refused to comment on the issue . the hardening of  the board  , s stand is in sharp contrast to the advice of dpc ' s lenders , who  had warned enron not to precipitate matters by issuing a termination notice .  the lenders had arrived at a consensus that the termination notice need not  be served at this stage . serving of the notice requires a nod from the  lenders , who have an exposure of about $ 2 billion in the project . sources  said given the lenders ' strong opposition to termination of the contract , the  enron board ' s "" enabling resolution "" did not have much significance beyond  conveying a hardening of its stand with regard to the current imbroglio . the  maharashtra chief minister had warned enron not to scuttle the process of  crisis resolution by issuing a termination notice . the state government is to  nominate an expert group to renegotiate the terms of the dabhol contract .  enron holds 65 per cent in dpc , while us - based ge and bechtel hold 10 per  cent each . the balance 15 per cent is held by mseb through a special purpose  vehicle , maharashtra power development corporation . the mseb representatives  were not allowed to vote at the meeting since they were an interested party .  the idbi representative protested against the board ' s decision . the meeting  was attended by state energy secretary vm lal . the meeting was held against  the backdrop of a dispute between mseb and dpc over payment of bills .  after mseb failed to pay rs 102 crore towards the december 2000 bill , dpc  invoked the state government ' s guarantee and then the union government ' s  counter guarantee . when payment of the rs 127 - crore january bill became  overdue , dpc again invoked the state government ' s guarantee . mseb retaliated  on january 28 , 2001 by slapping a rs 401 - crore penalty for non - supply of  electricity at adequate levels . it demanded that dpc adjust the bills against  this penalty . "" this stand of mseb was explained to dpc at the board meeting "" ,  a state government official said . the centre also supported mseb ' s stand and  refused to honour the counter guarantee . the power company then invoked the  political force majeure clause . a process of conciliation and arbitration  between the centre and dpc is currently on .  the financial express , friday , april 27 , 2001  foreign lenders slam brakes on disbursements to dpc , sanjay jog & raghu mohan  global banks comfortable with enron pull - out  lenders to the dabhol power company ( dpc ) are a sharply divided lot .  international lenders , in direct contrast to the stand taken by local ones  led by the the industrial develoment bank of india ( idbi ) , are categorical  that additional assistance to dpc  , s phase - ii will be held in abeyance despite  the completion of 92 per cent of the project work . the stage is also set for a  preliminary termination notice to be served by dpc to the maharashtra state  electricity board ( mseb ) within the next four weeks . this follows the  authorisation given to enron india  , s managing director k wade cline and dpc  president & ceo neil mcgregor to serve the termination notice , and transfer  notices to mseb , following wednesday  , s dpc board meeting in london .  the essence of the message from the international lenders following the  london meeting with dpc board is : emotions do not work . contractual  obligations and payments have to be met . we are convinced that the mseb has  failed to meet its obligations . there is no point in enron continuing with  the project and the company should get out of it . the structuring of dpc  , s  debt has created two classes of lenders . in phase - i , international lenders  are covered by a sovereign guarantee while in phase - ii , no lender is .  however , all lenders have a parri passu charge , making attachment of assets a  messy affair .  sources in international banks were quick to point out that local lenders to  phase - ii of the project are worried that an awry dpc project will affect  their interests more given that they have no security  * other than assets  *  like a sovereign cover .  & it was this desperation that made local lenders like  idbi slash the interest rates a few months back to 16 . 5 per cent from 21 . 5  per cent ,  8 a leading foreign banker pointed out . three points that were made  clear and stressed in no uncertain terms by international lenders were : a )  there are contractual obligations b ) mseb was not punctual in its payments to  dpc and c ) mseb adopted a confrontational position by slapping a rs 401 crore  rebate charge on dpc for misdeclaration and default on the availability of  power .  while local lenders led by idbi  * with mseb parroting the same  * were of the  view that the current situation is a temporary one , international lenders  were steadfast that pulling out of the project is the only way out . this is  despite the stance taken by idbi and mseb that authorisation for termination  given to mr cline and mr mcgregor was not called for . international bankers  pointed out that they will now have to look at the issue of charges and  protection for their loans in the event of the power project being scrapped  in its present form . the points of contention are : a ) that phase - i of dpc is  backed by a sovereign guarantee b ) phase - ii is not and c ) to the extent that  phase - ii is covered by assets , cancellation of phase - ii may see all assets  *  even those under phase - i  * getting attached . therefore , an examination on the  segregation of assets under phase - i and phase - ii is now warranted .  pti adds : in a significant move , dpc board has empowered its management to  sever power supply agreement with mseb , a move that could inflict a financial  liability of about rs 2840 crore on the centre . a decision to authorise dpc  president neil mcgregor to issue a termination notice to mseb for sale of  power was taken by the board at its meeting on wednesday .  the indian express , friday , april 27 , 2001  enron : dabhol chief gets powers to end deal with the mseb  the board of dabhol power company , a subsidiary of houston - based enron corp ,  has decided to warn the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) that it  intends to pull the plug on its guhagar - based project . in a board meeting held  in london on wednesday , the board decided to authorise dpc president and ceo  neil mcgregor and enron india  , s managing director k wade cline to serve a   +  + preliminary  ,  , termination notice for sale of power to the mseb within the  next four weeks . the dabhol project has been mired in disputes since mseb  began missing payments last year . mseb owes dabhol power $ 48 million for  power delivered in december and january . the payment ran into a dispute after  mseb slapped penalty notices of rs 401 crore on dpc for its failure to supply  power within three hours of the demand being placed . but mseb has paid $ 24  million for february . and a payment of $ 31 million was made for march on  thursday .  the $ 3 billion dabhol project is the largest foreign investment made in india  to date . issuing the preliminary termination notice could enable dabhol to  suspend deliveries as it negotiates payment disputes . while a preliminary  termination notice is the first of three steps that could potentially lead to  the abandonment of the project by enron , analysts have described the decision  as a  +  + procedural  ,  , move consistent with dpc  , s negotiating strategy to  recover overdue payments from the mseb .  after the company issues the preliminary termination notice , step two would  be an official termination notice , and step three would be a notice that the  company is surrendering control of the project . if the project is terminated ,  the government of india will have to take a hit of $ 300 million besides  paying bills of rs 1 , 500 crore for the next one year to enron as penalty .   +  + our ( centre  , s ) liability , if dabhol power project is terminated , would be  one year  , s electricity bill and a termination fee of $ 300 million ,  ,  , power  secretary a k basu said .  +  + contractually , the centre will have to pay one year  ,  s electricity bill , totalling at present prices about rs 1 , 400 - 1 , 500 crore ,  and take over dpc  , s debt , which stands at around $ 300 million , if the project  was terminated ,  ,  , basu said in delhi . dabhol power is in the process of  completing the second phase of the 2 , 184 - megawatt power - plant project , which  is 95 per cent through .  while the international lenders to the project are pressurising the company  to get out of the project , indian lenders , led by idbi , are asking the  company to reconsider its decision on its termination notice . during the  meeting in london , mseb which holds a 15 per cent stake in the project , had  strongly opposed dpc  , s move to authorise cline and mcgregor to issue notices  for termination .  mseb chairman vinay bansal and technical director prem paunikar  * both  directors on the dpc board  * and the state principal secretary ( energy ) vm  lal , an invitee to the board , raised the issue at the board meeting in  london . mseb claimed that dpc was needlessly  +  + threatening  ,  , to issue various  arbitration notices and thereby interpreting the clauses of ppa in  isolation . in recent weeks , dabhol has raised the stakes in its spat with the  mseb , delivering a notice of political force majeure to maharashtra  * a step  typically invoked to dissolve a contract in case of an emergency like a war ,  coup , or a similar radical political event . in this case , dpc  , s move was  viewed as a threat to stop providing electricity . dpc has come under fire  because of the relatively high cost of its power . critics object to the  company charging rs 7 . 1 a kilowatt - hour for its power , compared with around  rs 1 . 5 a kilowatt - hour charged by other suppliers .  the hindu , friday , april 27 , 2001  offer of renegotiation ' too late ' : enron , by mahesh vijapurkar  mumbai , april 26 . the enron - sponsored dabhol power company , which last night  authorised its local management to issue a notice of termination of its power  purchase agreement ( ppa ) with the maharashtra state electricity board , has  decided to keep a stiff upper lip . this , in turn , has stoked speculation that  the switching off of power from its phase i plant was imminent , while in  reality , a lengthy procedure has to be followed as prescribed within the ppa .  as one source familiar with the ppa told the hindu , ` ` it is not sudden death  of the project ' ' and in all probability , the dpc , vexed with the  developments , including sharp and pointed observations by the godbole  committee , has chosen to only arm itself with a serious option . ` ` this would  only eventually come into effect . it is not an overnight operation and a lot  of legal work is involved ' ' . apparently , the dpc intends to do some  arm - twisting .  at the board of directors meeting in london , which maharashtra was initially  disinclined to attend but later used the forum to put across its contentions  on the project , the dpc squarely told the mseb nominees on the board that the  offer of renegotiation had come rather ` ` too late ' ' . it also said it did not  see any room for optimism about the outcome . it did not , however , rule out  the option of talks , thus underscoring the possibility that the decision to  authorise termination was a new weapon .  the maharashtra chief minister , mr . vilasrao deshmukh , had hoped that dpc  would not take any ` ` harsh step ' ' which would cause lot of damage to the  interests of both the independent power producer and the government and today  he expressed his dismay . in fact , the mandate of the team that went , on the  strength of its stake in the dpc , was to put across the idea that negotiation  was the requirement and not confrontation .  echo in ls  the enron issue also echoed in the lok sabha today where the power minister ,  mr . suresh prabhu , said that scrapping of the agreement would cost the centre  rs . 2 , 840 crores , whose liability in the project agreement was limited . the  centre ' s liability in case of termination is one year ' s electricity bill and  a termination fee of $ 300 million .  blow to fis  the termination could prove to be a serious blow to the indian financial  institutions ( fis ) which , under the leadership of the idbi , were trying to  convince the other lenders of the project against the notice . the exposure of  indian fis in the project is understood to be not covered by any guarantee  either of the centre or the state .  the times of india , friday , 27 april 2001  enron ready to pull out , but lenders say wait  the dabhol power company board , which met on wednesday in london , authorised  the company management to issue a termination notice to the maharashtra state  electricity board . the company , however , may not pull out of the project yet ,  considering its lenders , who met on monday , opposed such a move and favoured  renegotiations . sources present during both the meetings said that though  foreign lenders supported enron on the termination issue , domestic financial  institutions , led by the industrial development bank of india , prevailed over  the deliberations to oppose any such drastic move . enron needs the lenders '  consent to file a pre - termination notice for pulling out from the project .  the decision to empower dpc chief wade cline to issue a termination notice  was taken with six votes in favour against a single idbi vote against such a  move .  another significant development during the entire proceedings was that the  financial institutions made it clear that further funding of phase ii of the  project will depend on the government of india assuring payment mechanisms .  institutions are yet to disburse about 30 per cent of the sanctioned package ,  which is crucial for completing the phase ii expansion project . ` ` the board  has given powers to wade cline to issue a pre - termination notice . but the  meeting quite unanimously felt the need of the hour is not to terminate the  project but to initiate serious re - negotiation proceedings , ' ' said mseb  chairman vinay bansal , who attended the board meeting . ` ` mseb presented their  views to the board members and it was understood by enron which also included  the rs 401 crore penalty issue which is heading for arbitration proceedings .  ` ` we have also made it clear that the tariff structure of enron is quite high  and a downward revision of tariffs is unavoidable , "" bansal added .  ` ` they cannot issue a termination notice without our consent since our  exposure in the project is quite large and the lenders should approve any  plans in that direction , ' ' said a top banker who was present during the  lenders ' meet . ` ` there is a general consensus that the project must be  completed and the proposal to terminate the ppa should be kept in abeyance , ' '  he added . the global arrangers for the dpc include anz investment bank ,  credit suisse first boston , abn - amro , citibank and the state bank of india ,  where all these parties conducted separate meetings with the company  officials . however , some bankers said the company can file a termination  notice even if one lender with a minimum 5 per cent exposure on the project  favours such proceedings .  meanwhile , in a clear reversal of roles , maharashtra chief minister vilasrao  deshmukh said that the state government was not keen on terminating the ppa .  ` ` we will ask them to refrain from taking any such harsh steps since that  would be bad news for all of us , including dpc , ' ' deshmukh said . deshmukh was  echoing union power minister suresh prabhu ' s sentiments , who said that the  government wanted an amicable settlement of the payment row . he , however ,  added that termination of the project would not hurt foreign investments , and  dismissed warnings by analysts that winding up the $ 2 . 9 billion project would  be a blow to india ' s efforts to woo foreign investors .  the dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the centre and three  arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment of dues  amounting to rs 213 crore and interest towards the bills due for december  2000 and january 2001 . meanwhile , mseb officials said in mumbai that the  march bills amounting to rs 134 crore was paid on thursday as protest  payment , despite the dispute over the amount .  when asked on the future course of action , bansal said it was up to the dpc .  the hindu businessline , friday , april 27 , 2001  dpc board authorises md to issue ppa termination notice  the board of directors of dabhol power company ( dpc ) has authorised the  managing director , mr neil mcgregor , to issue the notice of intent to  terminate its power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with the maharashtra state  electricity board ( mseb ) ` ` at an appropriate time ' ' . the decision was taken  at a board meeting held in london yesterday . ` ` while mseb , which is an  ` interested party ' , was not allowed to vote , it made a presentation  clarifying its stand on the matter , ' ' a senior state government official  said .  the resolution to authorise the management to issue the termination notice  was carried by six votes to one . idbi voted against the decision , the  official said . the serving of the preliminary termination notice will lead to  a six - month ` ` suspension period ' ' . according to clause 17 . 8 of the  termination procedure , of the ppa : ` ` following the giving of a preliminary  termination notice , the parties shall consult for a period of six months ( or  such longer period as they may agree ) as to what step shall be taken with a  view to mitigating the consequences of the relevant event having regard to  all the circumstances . . . ' '  idbi and state bank of india , the principal indian lenders , had earlier  persuaded the overseas lenders to hold their consent to the termination  notice for some more time . at least one lender has to consent for the company  to serve termination notice . it is understood that overseas lenders are in  favour of termination of the project and are prepared to consent . however ,  domestic lenders are worried about the security of their advances if the ppa  is abandoned mid - way .  according to institutional sources , indian lenders are trying to get all the  parties concerned to thrash out outstanding issues . the maharashtra and  central governments too are in favour of a conciliation . mr vilasrao  deshmukh , chief minister of maharashtra , yesterday went on record that the  state did not want the project terminated . mr yashwant sinha , union finance  minister , is also understood to be of the same opinion . ` ` the dpc will now  have to decide what is the ` appropriate time ' to serve the notice , ' ' the  official said . mseb pays rs 134 crore : meanwhile , mseb has paid dpc rs 134  crore towards its march 2001 bill . mseb officials confirmed that the bill was  paid ` in protest ' ' today morning . ` ` they ( dpc ) had billed us for an amount of  rs 146 crore . we do not agree with some of the items included , ' ' a senior  mseb official said .  the pioneer , friday , april 27 , 2001  enron testing maharashtra ' s nerves , t n raghunatha  dabhol power company ( dpc ) has begun to put fresh pressure on the maharashtra  state electricity board ( mseb ) , the maharashtra state government and the  centre for an early resolution to the prolonged dispute between them , if the  dpc board of directors ' decision to authorise its managing director to serve  a contract termination notice to the mseb is any indication .  the dpc board , in its meeting in london on wednesday , empowered the company  management to sever its power supply agreement with mseb , a move that could  inflict a financial liability of rs 2 , 840 crore on the centre . the decision  to authorise the dpc management to issue a termination notice to mseb was  taken by a vote of six to one after the maharasthra government  representatives were prevented from voting on the ground of "" interested  party "" .  when contacted , the company ' s mumbai - based spokesperson , mr jimmy mogal ,  declined to comment on the reports about the decision taken by the dpc board .  "" we have nothing to say on the reports emanating from london . we will express  our views after a few days , "" he said . however , maharashtra chief minister  vilasrao deshmukh on thursday termed the dpc board ' s decision as  "" unfortunate "" . "" we have already requested the company not to take any harsh  decision "" , mr deshmukh said in mumbai .  official sources in the state energy ministry interpreted the dpc board ' s  decision as a pressure tactic employed by the enron subsidiary to force the  mseb to clear the pending power bills without any further delay . through its  tough posture , the dpc wants to make its position stronger before it can  formally agree for re - negotiations with the mseb , the centre and the state  government for cutting the price of power supplied by it to the state  electricity board . the sources said that the dpc ' s reported decision to  authorise its managing director to stop electricity supply to the mseb did  not mean that the enron subsidiary would actually go ahead with the scrapping  of the power contract with the mseb .  "" if anything , the dpc ' s reported decision is to mount additional pressure on  the mseb for clearance of pending power bills and put itself in a stronger  position in settling its dispute with the mseb . as part of its plan to arm  itself with powers to break a contract in case situation goes beyond its  control , the dpc had recently served a political force majeure to the mseb ,  the centre and the state government , "" the sources said . not surprisingly , the  dpc ' s london decision comes on the heels of the maharashtra government ' s  decision to set up a high - level committee , comprising representatives of the  mseb , the centre and the state government to re - negotiate with the enron ' s  subsidiary company for reducing the cost of power supplied to the state  electricity board . meanwhile , amidst the threat of a possible termination  notice hanging on its head , the mseb on thursday made a "" protest payment "" of  the rs 134 crore disputed amount towards march bill of rs 146 . 64 crore to dpc .  riday , april 27  the telegraph , friday , april 27 , 2001  enron signal to switch off dabhol power  enron today took the first decisive step out of the controversy - ridden dabhol  power company when it won an authorisation from the company  , s board to stop  sale of power to maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) .  the meeting of the company , of which the houston - based energy giant holds 65  per cent and the mseb 15 per cent , was attended by state energy secretary v m  lal and mseb technical director p paunikar and it came days after its lenders  discussed payment problems and a possible termination . the centre  , s liability ,  if enron decides to snap the agreement , will be a year  , s power bill and a  termination fee of $ 300 million . however , the company will have to wait for  six months from the day it serves the notice before it pulls the plug . the  centre shrugged off the move , saying there would not be any adverse effect on  foreign investment in power if enron walks out .  & we do not see fdi inflows  into the power sector being hit ,  8 power minister suresh prabhu said . mseb  officials said the ball is now in the court of dpc , which said its corporate  policy did not allow it to comment on proceedings at board meetings . the  decision coincided with a rs 134 - crore  + protest payment  , by the cash - strapped  power board as part of the march bill worth rs 146 . 64 crore .  there was speculation that mseb coughed up the amount to cool frayed tempers  at enron  , s hub in houston , and because it was rattled by the sudden turn of  events in the past few days during which the dispute had come to a head . mseb  officials brushed away the allusions , saying the cheque was ready on  wednesday but could not be handed over to dpc because of the state - wide  bandh .  & we have a disputed payment of rs 12 . 64 crore , which will be taken up  at the dispute - resolution forum ,  8 a board official said . last week , dpc told  the state government and mseb it would no longer accept protest payments in a  move to fortify its legal position .  mseb officials say bechtel and general electric , the other partners who hold  around 20 per cent in dpc , are willing to go along with enron corp in  terminating the deal but financial institutions such as idbi are not game  because it puts their loans at risk . investments made by indian institutions  are not covered under the centre  , s and state  , s counter - guarantees , unlike  those made by international lenders . maharashtra chief minister vilasrao  deshmukh called enron  , s decision unfortunate .  & we had told state government  officials attending the enron board meeting to stop the company from winding  up its operations in the state as it will harm both parties .  8  the statesman , friday , april 27 , 2001  enron threatens to pull out  the enron crisis deepened with the board of directors of the dabhol power  company deciding to authorise the managing director , mr k wade cline , to  serve a notice of termination on the contract for the first phase of the $ 2 . 9  billion power project . the decision , which could lead to the cessation of  dabhol  , s power supply to the state , was taken at the meeting held yesterday  in london according to reports quoting the chairman of the maharashtra state  electricity board , mr vinay bansal .  while dpc officials refuse to comment on anything , it is learnt that mseb was  itself prepared to serve a legal notice of termination just two days before  the meeting . mseb was said to have been dissuaded by the nationalist congress  party president , mr sharad pawar , and union power minister mr suresh prabhu ,  who had talks in new delhi with the maharashtra chief minister , mr vilasrao  deshmukh , and an mseb delegation last monday .  the state government has been served two arbitration notices while the centre  is ready to go for conciliation with the dpc for failing to honour its  counter - guarantee . further , the dpc has already slapped a notice of political  force majeure which protects itself against undeserved claims in the event of  exigencies that force it to take an extreme step . the union power minister , mr  suresh prabhu , contended in delhi that since dpc contributed only 0 . 7 per  cent of the total energy output of the country , its termination would not  have such a phenomenal impact on the power situation .  however , if terminations proceedings go through , enron corp , a 65 per cent  share - holder in the dabhol power company , would stand to net a hefty amount  in damages . the union power secretary has been quoted as saying that  termination of the dpc would cost the centre rs 1 , 800 crore , which is the  total of one years  , electricity bill and a termination fee of $ 300 million .  according to an energy analyst , mr pradyumna kaul , the total liability would  not cross rs 350 crore . however mr prabhu said in the lok sabha today that  the that scrapping of the agreement would cost the centre rs 2 , 840 crore . it  is learnt that on 20 april , mr deshmukh had given the go - ahead to the mseb to  prepare a legal notice to be issued to enron during the meeting of the dpc  , s  board of directors on wednesday . at the meeting , the energy minister ,  padamsinh patil , energy secretary , mr vinay mohan lal and mseb chairman mr  vinay bansal , were also present . the notice was prepared over the past weekend  and taken by the delegation when they called on mr prabhu on 24 april .  however , the politicians convinced them that enron would not get tough , given  its huge stake in the project , and that such a notice would not be necessary .  the meeting thus ended with the decision to renegotiate the power tariff ,  with enron  , s consent .  among those present at the london meeting were mr lal , mr bansal and mseb  technical director , mr p paunikar , in their capacity as directors . however ,  they abstained from voting since they were deemed an interested party . the  only vote to go against the decision was that of the idbi which is also  represented on the board , it is learnt . the chief minister , mr vilasrao  deshmukh , said the state was not in favour of terminating the project . this  could mean that the latest manoeuvre to arm - twist the indian authorities  could achieve its immediate target of getting the arrears accumulated over  the past three months cleared . the mseb owes enron rs 146 . 64 crore for march  2001 and rs 229 crore for december 2000 and january 2001 . the centre today put  up a brave face on enron  , s decision saying there would not be any adverse  effect on foreign investment in power sector in the country , pti reported  from new delhi .   & there will be no adverse impact as a result of any action by any domestic or  foreign company . as far as we are concerned there will be no adverse impact  on fdi in power sector ,  8 power minister suresh prabhu told reporters when  asked about dpc  , s decision to authorise management to issue a termination  notice to mseb . emphasising that there would be no fallout of such decision ,  prabhu said after the meeting of the cabinet committee on economic affairs   & we are expecting cooperation from many scandinavian countries as well as  european nations in the power sector .  & in fact not only the power minister but  also the prime minister of norway was here to inaugurate a seminar on power  and he promised lot of cooperation in the sector .  8  mid day  ' dpc may not wind up '  maharashtra chief secretary v ranganathan has said that though neil mcgregor ,  managing director of the dabhol power corporation ( dpc ) , has been given  complete powers with regard to dpc ' s operations in the state , including the  authority to wind up operations , it does not necessarily mean that mcgregor  will issue such a termination notice . mcgregor was given the powers at a  meeting of the dpc board in london on wednesday . ranganathan said that state  officials , including maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) chairman  vinay bansal and power secretary v m lal , have reported back to him about the  meeting in london .  with regard to the state ' s failure to pay enron , ranganathan said , "" bills  are prepared as per the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) and dpc owes some  money to us . our people informed enron officials about this . . in fact , there  was no reason to give powers to the md to slap a termination notice . "" in the  london meeting , mseb and industrial development bank of india ( idbi )  representatives insisted that the dpc must pay rs 411 crore since it could  not supply power whenever needed .  chief minister vilasrao deshmukh has already termed as unfortunate the  decision of the board of the enron - promoted dpc to give mcgregor powers to  wind up operations . deshmukh added , "" we have already requested enron not to  take any harsh decision . "" deshmukh had earlier said , "" we have directed state  government officials attending the dpc board meeting to desist the energy  company from winding up operations in the state , as it would be harmful to  both of us . ""  enron officials are keeping mum on the issue . mcgregor said , "" i am not going  to give any comment . ""  mid day , april 27 , 2001  enron offers ' no comment ' on renegotiation , h s rao  a crucial meeting of the board of directors of the dabhol power company  ( dpc ) , promoted by the us energy major enron , was held here yesterday  apparently to discuss fate of its $ 900 - million power project in maharashtra ,  but there was no official word on the indian and state governments ' decision  to renegotiate the contract .  an enron spokesman declined to divulge what transpired at the meeting , saying  the issues discussed at the meeting were ' confidential ' . "" we have not  received any direct communication . unless we get it and evaluate the details ,  we have no comments to make , "" the spokesman said when asked about the  proposed decision on re - negotiation of the project in which the maharashtra  state electricity board ( mseb ) has 15 per cent stake .  asked whether the board had taken a decision on empowering dpc managing  director neil mcgregor to wind up its operations in india , the spokesman said  he had nothing to say on them . enron has reportedly authorised mcgregor to  look at various options including selling the company ' s stake in dpc .  maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh said in mumbai that the state  government would pay up the undisputed dues to the company . he said the  maharashtra government "" is not in favour of terminating the 2184 - mw project ,  but wanted an amicable solution to the imbroglio . ""  mid day , friday , april 27 , 2001 ,  committee to renegotiate enron deal  a committee to renegotiate the power purchase agreement with the dabhol power  company will be appointed by this evening , chief minister vilasrao deshmukh  said today . addressing media persons after his meeting with the noted social  reformer anna hazare at his official residence varsha , deshmukh said the  committee would be formed by this evening or by tomorrow , at the most . he  termed as unfortunate the enron board decision empowering dpc chief neil  mcgregor to serve a preliminary termination notice on the maharashtra state  electricity board and said the state was willing to negotiate the issue with  power company .  "" renegotiations will be held as per the suggestions made by the godbole  committee and the center will also depute its representative on the  renegotiating committee . we don ' t want to take any hasty decision , "" deshmukh  saidhe pointed that the only bone of contention with the dpc had been its  expensive tariff and hoped that the issue would be resolved amicably . when  pointed that the enron board had taken a decision to serve the notice despite  state  9 s willingness to appoint a renegotiating committee , chief minister  said it was unfortunate .  earlier , in his meeting with hazare , deshmukh promised to make necessary  amendments to the right to information law recently passed by the state so  that the information was easily accessed by the common people . he also gave a  patient hearing to hazare on his complaints of corruption in various state  departments and promised action against guilty after a thorough inquiry  within three months .  afternoon , april 27 , 2001  ' enron ' s on ! '  state govt . to renegotiate dabhol power project , by hubert vaz  the us power giant , enron power corporation ' s willingness to wrap up the  dabhol power project and leave the shores may not actually materialise ,  though the dabhol power company chief , mr . wade cline , has been authorised to  do so , since the lenders for the project would have a decisive say in the  matter .  disclosing this , chief minister vilasrao deshmukh confirmed this morning that  the state government would churn out a compromise formula by which the power  project at dabhol could be continued , and at the same time enron did not feel  slighted . "" enron has not yet conveyed to us about this decision . we are  waiting for their letter , "" he said . when asked what sort of compromise the  state government plans to forge , mr . deshmukh said , "" let our officers come  back . after that we will decide a future course of action . but we are  definitely going in for renegotiation of the project . it is very difficult to  predict the outcome of enron ' s decision but as of now the project is still  on . "" when asked whether the project could be moved to another state , if wound  up from maharashtra , mr . deshmukh said , that was not possible as per the  terms of the agreement between the us company and the state government .  however , it was difficult for the project to move out of the state itself , he  indicated . he also confirmed that both parties would face considerable losses  if the project was terminated .  the board of directors of the dabhol power company , which met in london on  wednesday , decided to put an end to all controversies surrounding the project  once and for all by empowering the dpc chief to terminate the project , if he  deemed it fit . however , this decision , as of now , does not necessarily  indicate the death knell for the project . the enron project , which had been  riddled with controversies right from its inception , had been a pretext for  the political parties in the state to drag each other on the mat from time to  time . the previous sena - bjp government , which had been out to terminate the  project , however , chose to continue with it following renegotiations with  enron ' s top visiting officials like ms . rebecca mark . and , the democratic  front government inherited the controversial project when the governments  changed hands a year and a half ago .  meanwhile , state energy minister dr . padamsinh patil , when contacted at the  osmanabad circuit house , said the state government and the central government  have decided to appoint a joint committee to renegotiate the project with  enron . "" it is not easy for them to walk out of the project just like that .  they will have to go in for litigation and this would prove costly for both  sides , "" he said . in case the project is terminated , the government can still  manage the power needs of the state , though it would be a bit tough job , he  added ."

"Subject: re : resume  ok  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2000 12 : 46 pm  to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : resume  elizabeth ,  please , include jim fallon on the list .  vince  from : elizabeth grant 01 / 17 / 2000 09 : 39 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume  will do !  - elizabeth  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2000 08 : 21 am  to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , james b  fallon / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resume  elizabeth ,  i would like to bring this guy in , not necessarily to hire him ,  though it ' s a possibility , but mostly to find out what cinergy is doing .  we should include some power traders and originators in the interview list .  grant masson can give you some hints .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000  08 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com on 01 / 14 / 2000 02 : 48 : 42 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume  vince ,  hope all is well . this candidate would be interested in talking with you .  regards ,  marshall brown  robert walters associates  212 - 704 - 0596  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  - yu _ hai . doc",0






